TODO LIST:
- Test names and companies provided, save results

    Write script to queue test cases, count number of names and let Inriskable know (reply email) so they increase count of tokens

- EDA based on tests -> Yanis send over articles with their sentiment scores
    Types of EDA to check on
        Timing (how long does it take to process)
            Article summary and sentiment tagging
        Will we get rate limited if we keep pinging the news server
        How many articles per entity at different time steps (also how many no time step)
    Ping Yanis for examples when stuff is fixed
    Start on EDA script for existing pull
        Distribution of sentiment scores

- Deduplication of articles
    Done part -> Now json includes count (more counts is more relevant)
    Inriskable said that they do topical deduplication on their backend, so we just need to count repeats in the case where individual/company returns exact same articles
    Check with LEDR on this

    Wrap up and send to LEDR (Yay!)
    

DONE LIST:

- Incorporate individuals search
    Done - Extended existing function to work for individuals, switch entity type based on whether name exists in individual or company list 

- Add in Chinese search functionality
    Done - Check language of name and send request accordingly -> If name is in non-detected language just try sending both (Should work based on how Inriskable does search)
    Now that Chinese articles returned need to add new models for summary and sentiment scoring -> Refer to testing in TODO above

- Fix 422 Bug
    Example
    Error fetching articles for 梁紹鴻: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for 大鴻輝興業有限公司: Need to load profiles.
    Language detected for name 梁紹鴻 is ko 
    <Response [422]>
    Failed to retrieve query ID, error code: 422
    梁紹鴻 of type individual query id is: None

    Fixed -> Request body had issues

- Need to load profiles error (could be a waiting thing)
    Error fetching articles for fuboTV: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Grenada: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Aquavit London: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for TG Venture Acquisition Corp: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Son of a Barista: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Hong Kong Ambassadors Club: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for DeFiance Media: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Patrick Tsang: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Westminster Group plc: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Global Angels Ltd: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Block T Ventures: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Tsangs Group: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Vale International Group plc: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for UNIFY PLATFORM AG: Need to load profiles.
    Error fetching articles for Anode: Need to load profiles.

    Fixed -> Add delay before sending POST requests

- Isolate repository and write documentation
    What I plan on including:
        1. Information flow diagram
        2. What processing gets done at each step
        3. Function documentation - What to look out for/what considerations for each function
        4. requirements.txt